 1. Click on Window menu and click on Projects, Files & Services to open it. 
2. Right click on Java DB and then click on Start Server to start the server.
 3. NowexpandJavaDBandright click on sample and then click on connect to
 connect the sample database with server.
 
 4. Nowcreate a webapplication with the name CRUD_Operation. A window will
 openlike following pic.
 5. Create an entity class. Right click on project name-> New-> Entity Class.
 6. Awindowwill appearlike bellow pic. Enter following data and click on Next ….
 Class Name-> seller
 Package Name->com.kk
 7. Click on Finish.
 8. Right click on project name and create JSF Pages from Entity Classes.
 Right click on project name-> New-> JSF Pages from Entity Classes
 9. Select com.kk.seller and click on Add button and then Next button on below.

 10. A windowlike below will appear on the screen. Enter the data into that
 windowasentered in below pic andclickon Next button.
 11. Nowclick on Finish.
 
 12. Right click on project name and create RESTful Web Services from Entity
 Classes.
 Right click on project name-> New-> RESTful Web Services from Entity
 Classes
 13. Repeat step 9 and then it will go on next page. Then enter the com.kk.service
 in Resource Package and then click on Finish button.
 14. Nowopenseller.java file under com.kk package.
 15. In this file at line number 24, do the right click and select Insert Code.
 16. A newlist will appear. Click on Add Property.
 17. A newwindowwill open. Enter name as firstName. Make sure name should
 be exact same as of mine and then click on OK button. Actually we are setting
 getter and setter method for firstName.
 18. Nowright click on web application name and Deploy it.
 
 19. Nowright click on project name and run it.
 20. Awindowwill openin browser like below….
 21. Nowclick on ShowAll sellers Items for CRUD operation.
 
 22. As I have added three data into database. You can add more data by click on
 Create New seller and can view, edit and delete by click on View, Edit and
 Destroy option.
 23. Adding one moredata into database for demo. Just click on Create New seller.
 Enter a nameinto FirstName andid into Id. Now click on Saveoption to save
 the data.
 24. Nowclick on ShowAll seller Items to view all records whether our data is
 entered or not. We can see that one moreShivendra name is appearing.